========================================================================

**1st Meeting - 9/8/22**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Davis Robert Cohen
* Aiden Colley
* Bradley Sides
* Pierce Angeloff
* Carol Chang
Date and time of meeting
9/8 - 3:30 pm
Meeting time
Wednesdays, 4pm PST

We agreed to set up a GitHub Repo and reach out to our sponsor soon.
Davis was supposed to reach out to the sponsor, but didn't get the chance to.
Mentioned it during next meeting and helped figure out how we should contact them.

========================================================================

**2nd Meeting - 9/14/22**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Davis Robert Cohen
* Aiden Colley
* Bradley Sides
* Pierce Angeloff
* Carol Chang

Bradley Sides said he will reach out to the mentor.
	Try to link up mentor to discord.
Carol Chang: Set up the Repo a bit more.
Set up meetings.

========================================================================

**1st Mentor Meeting - 9/19/22**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Davis Robert Cohen
* Aiden Colley
* Bradley Sides
* Pierce Angeloff
* Carol Chang

Expectations:
* Everyone tries, and everyone attends meetings.
* Get a good deliverable in.

TA Cool Facts:
Study biophages with a bioinfomatic chips.

Role of the TA:
* Encouragement, Balance Responsibility 
* High Level Advice(not coding it for you), Client Level Feedback, System Level Design
* Class/Job Questions/Advice
* Code Review(Tag on Code Review), Tutorials(Spark notes for help.)
* Not there to code for you. Attending sponsor meetings(except for big stuff), meetings outside of these meetings, and direct answers or ideas.

Meeting Agendas:
* 10min General Updates (follow up on last meeting updates/status. And plan what to do next.) (put these updates in a doc and send it to Dreycey before each meeting.)
* 15-20min Goal Review and Planning based on what everyone has been working on, and what they will be doing next.
* 30min Troubleshoot and Present on new/cool things.

More House Keeping:
* It is okay if you have to miss a meeting, 1 per semester/ 1 per row max! Give a heads up.
* PLEASE USE GITHUB.
* Document, Document, Document!
-How to download
-API (how to interact with it.)
-Structure: How the code will look like once it is done.
* Get prepared for sponsor meetings and send them a document an hour ahead and then go over everything so far. Make it clean and make it look good.
* Know when to say no. (Don't straight up saying no.)
* Don't give hard deadlines and give them like a general timeline. NO SET DATES. (Underpromise, and Overdeliver.)
* Try to focus on the task and keep it professional. Manage your stress and communicate.
* Don't take on too much work at once.
* Keep clients engaged! Get them excited, and involved in the work. (Don't work in a Silo.)

**Goals Moving Forward:**
* Figure out update control(who and where are updates going to be stored, presently Carol) and roles. (Galvanize team meetings) (one document for updates.)
* Set up more consistent meetings with client.

About Us
* Bradley: Product Manager exp, Wanting to do Data Science Grad Degree. Product Management is the goal. Developing products and spec out, wants to get a better understanding of dev side.
* Davis: Product Manager exp, not the goal. Interesed in Data Science and Machine Learning. Has skills in web-dev and basic software (full stack, mostly back).
* Aiden: Home Security Full Stack Web Dev (DBs) exp, wants NBA, but wants money. Software Dev maybe get into game development. Wants to learn computer graphics stuff/apply skill set to something new. Adaptability skill.
* Carol: Code monkey and upgrade. Wants to work/research. Biomedical interest.
* Pierce: Graphics Exp. Wants to get get paid. Software development and Game Dev goals. First team project. Wants graphics experience. Some VR exp.
* Luke: Backend Exp and Computer Graphics Exp VR interest. Go into Software Dev. Wants resume boost and create something visiually impressive.

Davis and Bradely has Data Science Interest.
Aiden Pierce and Luke are interested in VR and Graphics.
Carol backend utility.

========================================================================

**3rd Meeting - 9/21/22**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Davis Robert Cohen
* Aiden Colley
* Bradley Sides
* Pierce Angeloff
* Carol Chang

First meeting with sponsor will be **9/30/22** at 4pm.

Bradley: Reach out to sponsor and establish if Fridays will be a good meeting time in general. Bradley may not be able to attend.

Carol: Create google drive for team updates for TA. Drive link is: https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/10V3ERBcDFKFtwz7XXHXB_JaEyYnuYUwf?usp=sharing

========================================================================

**4th Meeting - 9/28/22**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Aiden Colley
* Pierce Angeloff
* Davis Robert Cohen
* Carol Chang

Bradley was abscent due to family emergency.

Updates:
* Bradley had sent the email and it the date mentioned should work and a google calendar would be set up for regular meetings.
* Carol had set up the drive and sent a share link to our TA.

First meeting with sponsor will be **9/30/22** at 4pm and preperations need to be made.
* Davis: Introduction for Charter
* Luke: Objective and Scope for Charter
* Aiden: Project Approach for Charter
* Bradley: Project Plan for Charter
* Pierce: Status Report
* Carol: Sponsor Meeting Updates/Document Prep for charter

Question on Friday:
* Deliverables on Timeline
* Access to Original Project
* Out of Scope and In Scope
* Project Changes

Do not directly mention that the project can be built by end of fall semester, but mention that the class finishes in spring.

========================================================================

**1st Sponsor Meeting - 9/30/22**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Aiden Colley
* Davis Robert Cohen
* Carol Chang
* Pierce Angeloff
* Bradley Sides

There are a few more doctors involved in this project.
Tracheostomy is a plastic tube placed in the trachea. Bypass obstruction or provide breathing assistance to replace a tube from mouth. a month or so there is a risk that the breathing hole could close. So we need to have this training program so people know what to do should something go wrong. (primary physicians within ICU, nurses, respitory therapist).

The last group has outlined the conceptual design for it, CPR training, but it is very clunky!
Needs to be optimized. Want to assure minimium level of quality suitable for modern distribution. 
General Things that needs to improved:
* Needs to be more realistic. (not very lifelike)
* Approach method to the situation. (logic of choices)

Minimium Deliverable:
* More lifelike computer graphics for this project.
* Refine the graphics and logic of the project.

Maximium:
* Try for different clinical scenarios.

Timeline:
* End of the first semester try to improve the graphics of visuals of the same scenario of last team. Next semester work on more scenarios for established trach.
* 1 case on the first semester.
* 3 cases for the second semester.

Charter Updates:
* Keep an updates to charter in the update document.
* Informed of the charter, to know basis.
* Discussions shape charter.

Meetings:
* Monthly AND when there is a major achievement.
* Talke to Lupe she will be the coordination for meetings.
* Next meeting by last week october.

By Next Meeting:
* Try to look at the original code and try to figure out what to do next.
* Two weeks to kick around and try to figure out where we can improve upon it.
* Carol will coordinate the next meeting. 4PM, 5-5:30PM will be a better time.

Code will be sent soon!

========================================================================

**2nd Mentor Meeting - 10/3/22**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Davis Robert Cohen
* Carol Chang
* Pierce Angeloff

NOT Present
* Aiden Colley
* Bradley Sides

Recap over last weeks events.
Need to give mentor timesheet access.
	Timesheets need to be written in.
Still need to understand last teams codebase before we can get concrete plans about now.

Individual Updates
* Carol: Management of team and client set up. Meeting times is going to be challenging. Needs to aim for flexibility and options. Maybe find training videos/courses for animation and unity stuff. Reach out to more of the doctors and go over the flowchart and figure out how it works. Then meet with team and get intel to then ask more from the last team.
* Davis: Maintaining communication and client work for code. This month is going to be really heckin busy.Lack of options about machine learning, may be an option if we can brew that into the design.
* Luke: Charter and Meetings
* Bradley: Charter and Meeting with client. Wants to plan everything out for code as it comes out.
* Pierce: Complete Status Report and Meetings. 


Maybe reach out to other doctors to get more info.
Reach out to last team for more info about how the project worked for them.
Everyone should get their timesheets updated.


========================================================================

**5th Meeting - 10/5/22**

Names of Attendants
* Aiden Colley
* Bradley Sides
* Luke Pan
* Pierce Angeloff
* Carol Chang

Luke Pan: Set up Discord Roles for each group of leads.

Bradley: Still Deciding on Role.

Pierce: Status Reports

Carol: Reach out Jodi and set up meeting for next week Friday 2pm for assets. Set up review meeting with last years team.

By this Weekend have unity set up, and get the project running on it.

Luke's Note on last years animation:
They have a lot of good assets and application process.
Wrong answer choices page is really ugly so improving that would be great.
Document folder with some screenshots. Get a better grasp of use cases Cases.

Bradley, Pierce, Luke, Aiden are interested in last years project team meeting.

========================================================================

**6th Meeting - 10/12/22**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Aiden Colley
* Carol Chang
* Pierce Angeloff
* Bradley Sides

Plan to meet with last years team at 4pm.
Each team starts small fixes: for each team. Each change to project should be done through a pull request linked review by mentor.
Carol: Look into getting Jira, maybe some other services.

========================================================================

**Last Year's Team Meeting - 10/14/22**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Aiden Colley
* Pierce Angeloff
* Jodi Slade

Ways to improve things
* Improve lighting
* we want some sort of movement on the screen to make the scene more realistic.\\

Jodi used maiya for modeling, and then Z-Brush for detailing, and used basic lighting, she is willing to help with lighting but will be able to help in any way she can. Though not her most familiar ground.\\

How to request new assets, send a request of the assets and when you will need them by then we can try to build anything. Realistically will be requesting next year.

========================================================================

**Last Year's Team Meeting - 10/14/22**

Names of Attendants
* Carol Chang
* Pierce Angeloff
* Aiden Colley
* Tobias Jacobson (Guest)
* Davis Robert Cohen

Last years notes:\\
* Selected by the hospital and worked with Doctor Chan, narrowing down what he wanted and what they were capable of, wanted a fully VR simulator for the traechestomy and didn't have the time.
* Click and drag simulator from there, Doctor Chan gaves us set scenarios to work with.
* Miro board is two patients of different ages, with four scenarios divided into them. And there are two tube scenarios for each of them. Tube goes wrong or is correctly placed.
* Tobias has a further outlined document for treatment process.
* Patient color would change as scenario worsened, but oxygenation level and heart rate.
* There were no real standards for connecting scenes, there was some skipping around.
* The second loop is there to try both scenarios if they make a mistake or the patient wants input. and go back to the last part of the intervention.

========================================================================

**2nd Mentor Meeting - 10/17/22**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Davis Robert Cohen
* Carol Chang
* Pierce Angeloff
* Aiden Colley
* Bradley Sides

met with last years team and worked with animators, the meeting with last years team gave us more info of what we are missing. Klunky but it can be made work.

Carol: Creating Asset updates tasks and start to figure out bugs that we can work on.

Pierce: Reach out to Jodi for some new things to be updated and improve things, worked on status reports. Try tackling some small tasks. Texturing and maybe a grey screen.

Davis: Attending last years meeting, poking at the code and trying to learn unity. Looking into adding sound to the game.

Bradley: Get caught up with the system. Look into the loose ends going to work with Luke for UI updates.

Aiden: Met with Jodi and Last Year's Team. Needs a Task. Fix the "Other" option.

Luke: Looking into UI and menu updates, alignment of texts and ordering of the buttons, adding vertical layout to some of the menu options add more features and maybe a color scheme.

We should look over the last few slides and minimize digging just look any memories about slides and we should be fine.

========================================================================

**7th Meeting - 10/19/22**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Pierce Angeloff
* Carol Chang
* Aiden Colley
* Bradley Sides

Aiden's Task has not been completed but he will be trying to do so soon.

Luke's Task has been working on the menu and has some ideas how things could be improved.

Bradley's Task has not started yet but has been working on it. Thinking about an escape key. The Dr. should be asked about it. maybe a restart button and exit button.

Pierce's Task has figured out how to mess with textures and lighting, looking for implements.


Noted Patient 

========================================================================

**8th Meeting - 10/26/22**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Pierce Angeloff
* Carol Chang
* Aiden Colley
* Bradley Sides
* Davis Robert Cohen

Luke Pan: Looking to add a back button.

Pierce Angeloff: Has been sick and made a texture (screen next to the patient in the PICU scene) change and then added a heartbeat monitor to the scenes. Not actually in game just yet. Assets->Textures->Room

Aiden: Fixed the other button so it is no longer a dead button, need to make the main menu more clean. Whiteboard sort of look to it with like a wipeanimations between each layout. $12 for office supplies. Maybe add animations to it. Each button over the text has a an onclick function it will run a feature out. Scripts can tell you what everything is.Use buttons to turn different game objects on and off with a true for false variable. Work on the functions of back end.

Bradley: How to do an exit button to work through it. Work on the functions of back end.

Davis: Looking to get some audio files for tomorrow. Adding to sound and varying speed.

Davis, Bradley and Aiden work on a Figma to layout new UI, and talk about during next meeting.

Luke and Pierce working 4 month old scene added through mapping.

========================================================================

**2nd Sponsor Meeting - 10/28/22**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Pierce Angeloff
* Carol Chang
* Aiden Colley
* Bradley Sides
* Davis Robert Cohen

Started discussion of how things can be improved. Fix Moniters position. Patient View
Pulse Oximitry and Heart Heart would be a good addition.
As breathing would become more rapid, we oxygen lvls would drop the doctor can give paramters to what they must be. Camera is a bit skewed.
Should add more realism to scenes and ekg pads over the patient and IV drip to the patient. Move mointor to left half of the screen and tilt it 

Prioity is going to be fixing the scenes.

Assets can be purchased with an expense report, 
Interactive improvements, so that it can be a bit more realisitc.

Pierce wanted us to talk about a restart simulation or back options. Try again and a restart button should be included.
Bradley asked if we can uses different packages.

We should figure out reimbursement. Have an invoice for what things need to be improved.

========================================================================

**3rd Mentor Meeting - 10/31/22**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Davis Robert Cohen
* Pierce Angeloff
* Carol Chang
* Aiden Colley
* Bradley Sides

Completed demo for mentor.

Bradley asked for getting funding for assets. Ask Allen for laptops and assets.
Maybe there could be a dead screen or no end to a path.

bug fixing is still underway. We should make a running doc of all the bugs.

Need to get rid of the dead ends. and the loops.

Pierce also added a texture bit.

Davis is looking to add sound into scenes, as a place holder.

Do a paired programming session to get people to learn, do a fun paired programming with Aiden.

Luke used a clear of patient on dead scenes. Also fixed unaligned text.

Check in on menu screen and sound.

Luke wants to fix frame FOV.

Davis wants to work on the home button and a menu page.

Bradley new whiteboard for layout and design.

Pierce wants to improve the screne layout and design and find new Jira board tasks.

========================================================================

**9th Team Meeting - 11/2/22**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Davis Robert Cohen
* Pierce Angeloff
* Carol Chang
* Aiden Colley
* Bradley Sides

Aiden: Added an outline option to represent new circles for the whiteboard idea.On mouse over, highlight its first child and set it active. OnMouseExit is when it stops, and then ONMouseDown you go to the next section. NEW OBJECTS ARE ALREADY MADE WITH HITBOXES! Will continue to improve.

Davis: Got a heartbeat sound, and how to add it into the game. Now trying to oscillate the sound and change the speed and sound. Should work with Carol to get new sand elements in.

Bradley: Layout of the whiteboard layout, should work with Aiden to get stuff done. Also want to work on an escape menu option.

Luke: Working on moniter object.

Pierce: Working on the desplay content itself.

========================================================================

**10th Team Meeting - 11/9/22**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Pierce Angeloff
* Davis Robert Cohen
* Aiden Colley
* Carol Chang

Aiden: Working with Bradley for the Whiteboard layout. So far the logic seems to be in place. WE HAVE A WHITEBOARD CIRCLE AND WE HAVE A CAMERA ANIMATION TO DRAW AWAY AND MOVE TO ANOTHER SCENE. Aiden added a spotlight feature.

Bradley: has the whiteboard game object in place.

Davis: Hasn't been able to get the ambient sound noise. Sound bites requested.

Pierce: Playing with test environment for dynamic screen. Working with Text Mesh Map to add new texts and change values.

Luke Pan: Messed around with Camera angles with no fish eye issue, the moniter screen was replaced for flat screen. Do we want to move the moniter back. Maybe a look back at the moniter option to like point an arrow key back at the moniter.

Carol: Meeting Set on December 4th, 4pm. Going to email dr. chen for sound bits. Create proto bio sheet.


========================================================================

**4th Mentor Meeting - 11/14/22**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Davis Robert Cohen
* Pierce Angeloff
* Carol Chang
* Aiden Colley

Carol: Working on project video.
Luke: Fixed Camera fish eyed issue, swapped moniter asset into a flat screen, add a view moniter button into scenes.
Davis: Wants a back button and work on sound effects to the rest of the scene.
Bradley: Wants to set up a home button/new UI. Home and Escape button should be implemented.
Aiden: Working on the menu logic.
Pierce: Working on moniter and displays. Finish screen implementation into the scene and change custom values.

Need to figure out a merge meeting. Next meeting?
Try to get everything done before the break.

========================================================================

**11th Team Meeting - 11/16/22**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Davis Robert Cohen
* Pierce Angeloff
* Carol Chang
* Aiden Colley
* Bradley Sides

Davis: Few more scenes will have sound added soon, should be pushed later tonight, or tomorrow. Ambient sound is present for now.

Bradley: Working with the whiteboard idea, for moving around the whiteboard for the first scene. Aiden has been working on something close to that. Working on an escape or home button?

Aiden: Once the whiteboard is set, try to use it as an option menu, and look at the whiteboard for an option menu. Did some merge problems. Worked on the animations and did some camera moving stuff. Mayhapies wall mount it for layout ideas?

Pierce: Can get a gif load into a screen. and make a gif run on the screen, and then made a sprite map for everything.

Luke: Created a see moniter button but still working on a go back to patient button.

Monday do a dry run, 4pm to do a dry run.

Screenshots for the demo section, figure out who says what and stuff.

========================================================================

**5th Mentor Meeting - 11/28/22**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Aiden Colley
* Bradley Sides
* Pierce Angeloff
* Carol Chang

Grading Updates needed for the requirements document and wanted teams to put more effort into the requirements document update.

We got a 10/10 on the requirements document!

Project Plan is underway. Will recieve notes on what to do for the video as well, and try to make it work.

we need some sort of architecture slides. and talk about what exists and what we are working on.

We need some sort of introduction to the document explaining what the document is. maybe add a Gant chart? And we need some sort of tracking document to explain how we are organizing everything. Project Plan should not be a repeat of the requirements document, Maybe a Gant chart over major changes. Mayhapies need a higher level when for everything might be needed. work with notion or some other software to make a new timeline for tasks. Talk about how the team is going to communicate.

========================================================================

**12th Team Meeting - 11/30/22**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Davis Robert Cohen
* Pierce Angeloff
* Carol Chang
* Aiden Colley
* Bradley Sides

Pierce: Managed to export screnes into a usable asset, need to add to scenes.

Davis: Sound is in, just need to push it.

Luke: Added a button that lets u look back at the patient after going to look at the screen and added it to another scene.

Aiden: Animations for the main menu is still under development.

Bradley: Font import for the whiteboard.

Carol: Working on the documentation. And reached out to Jodi for scene things.

completed team meeting.

========================================================================

**3rd Sponsor Meeting - 12/2/22**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Davis Robert Cohen
* Pierce Angeloff
* Carol Chang
* Bradley Sides

Christopher Baker is now a shareholder who is now added to the project.

Team that was to look at last time. New Moniter, better position for monitor, going to add readings soon.

We need device beeping sound effects is needed. we also we have ambient hospital. Frequency variance that needs to be better. heart rate is the beeping speed, and then oxygen gets higher pitch rises, and as it gets worse it lowers.

Some notes for consideration:

we need better font consideration. try to make content into bullet points.

Christopher can give us parameters! we need a respitory rate at the botton sin wave as more info. Again dr chan is going into operation in two weeks and will give us input.

We like the button up view. maybe zoomed out more. silk sutures on the neck might be there? TRAC TUBE NEEDS A HOLE, need to find out when the operation was happening, and then add more info into it. talk about logic again in the future... modify of the logic may be needed. Christopher.Baker@CUAnschutz.edu

Availability will be set for February.


Demo has gone well.

========================================================================

**12th Team Meeting - 1/18/22**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Davis Robert Cohen
* Pierce Angeloff
* Carol Chang

Luke: Working on misc bug fixes

Carol: Working on asset transfer

Davis: Working on back button.

Pierce: dynamic display for patient condition monitor.

========================================================================

**13th Team Meeting - 1/25/23**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Pierce Angeloff
* Carol Chang
* Bradley Sides
* Aiden Colley
* Davis Robert Cohen

Luke: Fixed a bug and posted it on the Jira Board. this was the ENT before PICU code and fixed it. dislogged and logged tract. maybe look into those options?

Bradley: Just got back, add more functionality to the whiteboard. with Aiden plan to make a meeting.

Pierce: is working on new visuals for gif.

Davis: sync with breathing. Back button.

========================================================================

**14th Team Meeting - 2/1/23**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Pierce Angeloff
* Carol Chang
* Bradley Sides
* Aiden Colley
* Davis Robert Cohen

Davis: back button is pushed for one scene by tomorrow.

Pierce: Code modular text on display. Goals to have this showable to client by meeting in two weeks.

Bradley: Trying to link assets of the screen, work with Aiden to show client. So clean up display make first menu, change tracks if unsuccessful next week.

Luke: Fixing camera view, to include another view presepective.

Carol: Try to wire pulse per breath, use knowledge form Davis to change pitch and frequency of sound file.

========================================================================

**6th Mentor Meeting - 2/1/23**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Pierce Angeloff
* Carol Chang
* Bradley Sides
* Aiden Colley
* Davis Robert Cohen

Dreycey is going to give out grading ruburic.

This semester is going to be a lot less doc heavy, we are just going to code!

Luke: Moniter view button is fixed, patient and monitor view is two seperate things. (maybe integrate the two into one element.)

Davis: get back button pushed, and then work with Carol to add heatbeat noises. Back button for every scene.

Bradley and Aiden: Working on the UI for the screne, tyring to complete it.

Pierce: Finish breathing cycle, and export the screen to scenes. And implemented into scenes.

========================================================================

**15th Team Meeting - 2/8/23**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Pierce Angeloff
* Carol Chang
* Bradley Sides
* Aiden Colley
* Davis Robert Cohen

Luke: View Button progress under way.

Aiden: Bradley and Aiden got the opening menu working order!

Pierce: Pulse Oximeter Dynamic screen looks good going to implement.

Davis: Back button works, but functionality might be abit strange.

========================================================================

**4th Sponsor Meeting - 2/15/23**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Pierce Angeloff
* Carol Chang
* Bradley Sides
* Aiden Colley
* Dr. Chan, and Baker

Patient assets have been updated, more realistic features, additional wiring is still a bit more winded.

Realism is good, but the design experience is still lacking. 

Aiden and Bradley worked more on the UI.

we should do some independent research...

color of patient to change as condition changes.

normal pulse repsiration:

mild:

severe:

death: 

flux down generally with the rates...

so smarter camera pans, and more realistic view transitions! try and make the angle changes look reaslistic between scenes to make things more realistic.

next meeting will be the final changes.

the last one will be the final show case.

========================================================================

**7th Mentor Meeting - 2/15/23**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Pierce Angeloff
* Carol Chang
* Bradley Sides
* Aiden Colley

Maybe we could do a few menu's that change position and get new options.

Carol should add sound, and work on proof of concept

========================================================================

**16th Team Meeting - 2/22/23**

Names of Attendants
* Pierce Angeloff
* Carol Chang
* Bradley Sides
* Davis Robert Cohen

Davis: No updates work the backend
Pierce: going to work in the numbers
Bradley: Add whiteboard to the other scenes.

========================================================================

**17th Team Meeting - 3/1/23**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Pierce Angeloff
* Aiden Colley
* Davis Robert Cohen
* Carol Chang
* Bradley Sides


Aiden: No opportunities to progress.

Pierce: No progress either more numbers for the screens.

Davis: No progress due to midterms.

Luke: unify the coordinates for all the scenes. ported over the IV drip and pulse pads.

Bradley: Whiteboard porting into other scenes.

Carol: New buttons display integrated.

========================================================================

**8th Mentor Meeting - 3/1/23**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Pierce Angeloff
* Carol Chang
* Bradley Sides
* Aiden Colley

Bradley: has whiteboard screen implemented. porting it over shouldn't be too hard.

Pierce: Monitor is in game, but working on adding new numbers with client.

Luke: Working a bit more on the views but got to implement some back end stuff. unify coordinates for objects in scenes.

Carol: Arrow key movements and modular display of buttons.

Group cleaned up the Jira Board.

========================================================================

**18th Team Meeting - 3/8/23**

Names of Attendants
* Pierce Angeloff
* Aiden Colley
* Carol Chang
* Luke Pan
* Davis Robert Cohen
* Bradley Sides

Aiden: New Main Menu is now the default features for everything. Whiteboard feature integration.

Luke: Script porting and the outline box on top of the oximeter. complete integration.

Pierce: Oximeter values updated, added to each scenes.

Carol: Finish studying scenes and start fixing scenes.

Team has agreed to meet next week on Monday to prep for client meeting on Tuesday the 14th.

========================================================================

**19th Team Meeting - 3/15/23**

Names of Attendants
* Pierce Angeloff
* Carol Chang
* Luke Pan
* Davis Robert Cohen
* Bradley Sides
* Aiden Colley

Luke: Porting over scripts to other scenes.

Bradley: Whiteboard should be in, and for some reason the light goes out.

Davis: Has free time and needs to be caught up.

Pierce: Looking at rTrachMan errors.

Carol: Start to figure out next steps.

Aiden: Completed the back home button.

Carol, 

Luke, Aiden, Start working on final project poster.

Pierce, Davis, Bradley  Bug fixing

========================================================================

**9th Mentor Meeting - 3/15/23**

Names of Attendants
* Luke Pan
* Pierce Angeloff
* Carol Chang
* Bradley Sides
* Aiden Colley
* Davis Robert Cohen

There is a template poster that we can work off of.

Powerpoint template that we should probably build off of.

There are examples we can reference later.

Lighting issues.

Weird Purple Box

Need a continue button.
